You walk past them and head for class. You hear him screaming "I will kill you all!" from far away.  
At this point, you can sense the pain in those words. Sympathy won't work for you after making your decision.
*
You successfully stop the bullying by resorting to persuasion.  
The boy slowly gets up and thanks you.  
You tell him to not worry after you did the right thing. 
He stares at you for a second and didn't say anything.
After the silence becomes awkward, you tell him that you hope to see him again.  
You start to go to class.
*
You finally reach the cafeteria. 
It is full of students as always. As a result, the noise levels are off the charts. 
The commotion disappeared as you begin to enjoy your food. After a couple of minutes, your attention is brought back to your surroundings. 
You hear screams and sounds that resemble fireworks.  
You quickly notice the masses that are running in panic and confusion. 
You begin to run after you didn't understand the situation. 
During the chaos, you find yourself slipping over a red fluid.  
You raise your head as you see a dead student.  
The red fluid is blood and you are covered in it. 
You immediately freak out and get up. There are almost 12 casualties. 
Upon turning around, you see the boy who was bullied. You can see him holding a gun.  
He was aiming at you as you could not react. You felt as if you were frozen in time by your terror. 
This was your first time facing death. 
The boy opened fire and you felt the impact in your chest. You fell to the floor bleeding profusely. 
You have never felt pain like this before. 
Within your last breaths, you begin to regret not following your instinct. 
Now, 12 students are dead because of your decisions. You will soon join them. 
After a few seconds, the pain ceases and darkness clouds your vision. You are dead.
*
You make sure that the boy does not notice you following him. Eventually, he enters a classroom. 
You approach the classroom and peek through a small glass window of the door. 
You can see the classroom is empty. You ask yourself, "Why would he be in an empty classroom?"  
As you continue to observe, you notice he takes out the metallic object he was holding earlier. 
This time you can recognize that it is a gun. You know where this is going.  
That boy was going to take revenge on students who bullied him, but there was a chance he might take it on anyone. 
You have to think! What would be best for a course of action?
*
Without wasting any time, you run through the hallways until you find a security guard.  
You quickly explain the situation to him. 
The security guard immediately informs the police and the rest of the school's security.
They begin the search after the alarm sounds in the entire school. 
The boy knows that they are looking for him. After a couple of minutes, they catch him near the cafeteria. He flees until there is nowhere to flee to.  
Before he was apprehended, he chose to end his life. School was closed at once.  
The incident was documented and investigated. 
They questioned you for quite the time, but amidst the interrogation only one thought resided within your mind. That being the possibility that he could have been saved.
*
You open the door carefully and not completely open. You don't want to cause the boy to shoot out of fear.  
He sees you and points his gun directly at you. 
You quickly put your hands up, so you let him know that you are not a threat.  
